---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 44/100days"
date: 2025-04-01T23:59:59+08:00
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

Day4️⃣4️⃣

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-04-01-iter-x-44-100/cursor.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    POI
</div>

Today, we made significant progress with our POI data. Our new team member has been incredibly helpful, successfully running the data source and processing many POI records. In three days, after another team member who is currently traveling returns, we’ll review the ETL logic, and we can begin the data cleaning process.

I spent the day immersed in n8n workflow orchestration. There are some tasks I can automate using n8n, which will help improve my efficiency and productivity. I think investing time in this is worthwhile. For example, I can quickly push articles I’ve written to different platforms through some custom nodes and workflows. Another thing is information aggregation and dimensionality reduction. I’ve been consuming a lot of information daily, and I need to aggregate it to reduce redundant news. This way, I can allocate more time to reading in-depth articles. Having a broad yet precise strategy allows me to stay on top of the latest trends while also exploring interesting ideas. I’ll share more on this topic later.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-04-01-iter-x-44-100/poi.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    Cursor
</div>
I also saw Anysphere, the startup behind Cursor. They expect to generate $200 million in Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) through subscriptions over the next 12 months. They’re currently raising a new round of funding, and their valuation is expected to reach $10 billion. This company currently has only 50 employees, which is impressive. Their success is largely due to early popularity within developer circles and winning Product Hunt’s 2024 Product of the Year award. Since then, they’ve continued to gain popularity. Their net revenue retention rate (NRR) for March 2024 reached an astounding 250%. What does this mean? It indicates that their existing customers are not only continuing to pay but are also paying more—$1 per customer is now $2.50. A typical NRR of 115% is already considered excellent, as it signifies steady revenue growth from existing customers. So, Cursor’s NRR is truly remarkable. Personally, I’m not surprised at all. I think Cursor has surpassed traditional IDEs and has become the new standard. JetBrains products seem to have stagnated. Recently, I’ve been using it extensively for creating SOP manuals and training documents for my team to refer to before starting new tasks. The results have been incredible. One of my team members, whom I introduced to it, couldn’t stop praising it and spent the entire day watching AI-related content. I’ll share more on this topic later. If you’re still in the camp of not using it or criticizing it as hard to use, I urge you to reconsider. I believe you’ll soon realize that others are moving ahead, and if you think it’s hard to use, try to see if you’re using it incorrectly or misjudging the AI’s capabilities, leading to incorrect results. Don’t let simple biases stop you from learning and mastering new things.

Current Progress:

1. Prototype & UI/UX Design: 33%
2. Backend (Go) Development: 34%
3. Frontend (Flutter) Progress: 21%
4. Data: 10%

If you think you fit the following criteria, feel free to reach out (we’re looking for a UI designer 👾):

1. Persistent
2. Dreamer
3. Interested
