---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 19/100days"
date: 2025-03-07T23:59:59+08:00
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

Day1️⃣9️⃣

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-07-iter-x-19-100/DesignSpec.2025-03-08_00-05-18.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="row mt-3">
        <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-07-iter-x-19-100/TripDesign1.2025-03-08_00-14-32.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
        <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-07-iter-x-19-100/TripDesign2.2025-03-08_01-02-10.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    Design Specifications
</div>

Lack of experience always comes with a learning curve. If I could have defined specifications like color, corner radius, spacing, fonts, font size, thickness, etc., before starting the design, it would have helped to maintain a more consistent style across all pages. Now that I’ve designed more pages, looking back at the earlier ones, I see a lot of inconsistencies. Over the next few days, I’ll gradually define these specifications and go back to correct the earlier designs.

Today, my teammate combined the design mockups with code and after reviewing around ten market competitors, we’ve compiled a mind map with some functional and interaction frameworks. We plan to discuss this in our meetup on Sunday. Tomorrow, I’ll organize the product background, philosophy, and goals to align everyone on the same page. I expect to finish the trip-focused design next week, and if everything goes smoothly, we can start backend and frontend development, and also integrate AI. Currently, we are considering the AI integration, especially where it fits in and how to define its boundaries. If AI were to take full control, we might need an intent recognition routing system to direct tasks to the appropriate agent.

Current Progress:

1. Prototype Design & UI/UX Design: 20%
2. Backend (Go) Development: 16%
3. Client (Flutter) Progress: 3%
4. Data: 5%

If you meet the following criteria, feel free to reach out:

1. Can persevere
2. Has dreams
3. Is interested
