---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 41/100days"
date: 2025-03-29T23:59:59+08:00
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

Day4️⃣1️⃣

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-29-iter-x-41-100/GitHubContributions.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    GitHub Contributions
</div>

Today, I was busy coding and really immersed in it. I was mainly working on the client side, and seeing the implementation on the real device was amazing. It felt just like transitioning from prototype to high-fidelity design, and it was very satisfying. There’s a creative sense to it, and as I’ve said before, I really enjoy creating. I think it’s an important driving force that can support you for the long haul. I checked my main repository and saw there have been 179 commits. Since Day 0, February 17th, I’ve been consistently pushing updates to GitHub. The fewest commits in a day was 2, and the most was 38. When you feel like you want to do something, build something, or even start a business, you need to ask yourself: can you keep going like this for months or even years? Why do I keep emphasizing the power of persistence? I don’t like it when people simplify everything with the phrase “choice is more important than effort” and use that to negate the value of hard work. If you look at most successful people, the majority are the result of hard work—there’s no shortcut. Going back to the earlier question: knowing is easy, doing is hard. I hope that the fire inside of you keeps burning, and that you don’t let the dullness of the real world easily put it out.

Current progress summary:

1. Prototype & UI/UX design: 32%
2. Backend (Go) development: 32%
3. Client-side (Flutter) progress: 18%
4. Data: 8%

If you meet the following criteria, feel free to reach out (we need a UI design teammate 👾):

1. Can persist
2. Have dreams
3. Have an interest
