---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 25/100days"
date: 2025-03-13T23:59:59+08:00
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

Day2️⃣5️⃣

Today was super fast-paced. I worked on breaking down the product a bit, drew up the architecture diagram, and came up with a preliminary AI solution. We are still going with the FunctionCall+Agent approach, where different functional agents are called via registered tools. There will be two types of tools: one that is adjustable within the program and one that can be invoked during LLM inference. The reason for breaking down the agents into smaller atomic ones is to make them more vertically specialized, allowing for continuous optimization and iteration in specific areas. This will help avoid the problem where optimizing one area causes regressions in another. We can better optimize based on benchmarks for a specific area and improve it. The Routing layer will handle intent recognition or function differentiation to route requests to different agents. This should cover our use cases.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="row mt-3">
        <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-13-iter-x-25-100/1.2025-03-14_01-07-13.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
        <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-13-iter-x-25-100/2.2025-03-14_01-07-24.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row mt-3">
        <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-13-iter-x-25-100/3.2025-03-14_01-07-32.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
        <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-13-iter-x-25-100/4.2025-03-14_01-07-38.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row mt-3">
        <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-13-iter-x-25-100/5.2025-03-14_01-07-44.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
        <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-13-iter-x-25-100/6.2025-03-14_01-07-49.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    Finalized Trip Design Diagram
</div>

In the evening, I organized and consolidated several pages. The Figma Mirror is really useful. The thickness, font size, spacing, etc., that were previously not designed well are now getting real-time feedback. It’s a “what you see is what you get” process, and the final version was done very quickly. We’ve now locked this version, and both the client and backend can quickly break it down and start working on it. Over the past two days, I’ve realized we need to stick to agile as much as possible. We can’t pursue perfection; it’s better to have something first and iterate. Even if we have to make changes to the pages later due to product shape modifications, the cost won’t be too high, and it’s acceptable. It’s not easy going from 0 to 1, but it’s relatively easier from 1 to 10. Small steps with rapid progress will allow us to reach our MVP by Day 100, or even earlier 🚀. We’ve completed 1/4 of the time, and are we 1/4 of the way there? Overall, we are making progress 🥳.

Summary of the current status:

1. Prototype & UI/UX design: 25%
2. Backend (Go) development: 22%
3. Client (Flutter) progress: 6%
4. Data: 6%

If you think you meet the following conditions, feel free to reach out:

1. Can persevere
2. Have dreams
3. Are interested
