---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 29/100days"
date: 2025-03-17T23:59:59+08:00
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

Day2️⃣9️⃣

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-17-iter-x-29-100/DailyItinerary.2025-03-18_00-11-18.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    Daily Itinerary
</div>

Two new teammates have joined the team, filling the gap in product operations. We also have a C-end product role now—looking forward to future outputs!

Today, I focused on handling the AI architecture. It’s mostly sorted out, and tomorrow, I’ll integrate an instance to connect the entire process. On the backend side, we plan to integrate MCP and align with some open-source protocols. MCP itself is an initiative aimed at resolving the chaotic Function Call implementations across different vendors. This should have been something OpenAI led, but since it’s focused on for-profit commercialization, Claude has taken up the mantle. MCP was released last year but has only recently gained traction among developers. Now, various services are starting to build MCP Servers for their platforms. Currently, the only usable client-side applications seem to be Cursor and the Claude app, and an MCP application marketplace is expected to emerge rapidly.

If you’re a UI designer, feel free to reach out! Right now, I’m also handling UI design. While I can translate my ideas into designs effectively, we still need a designer with a unique style and vision to elevate the overall design.

Current Progress Summary:

1. Prototype Design & UI/UX: 27%
2. Backend (Go) Development: 25%
3. Client (Flutter) Progress: 7%
4. Data: 6%

If you meet the following criteria, let’s chat! (Maybe check out Day 6 first):

1. Commitment
2. Dreams
3. Interest
