---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 69/100days"
date: 2025-04-26T23:59:59+08:00
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

Day 6️⃣9️⃣

I suddenly remembered one of the reasons why I started this 100 Days Build in Public challenge: Simon Willison.

He’s an incredibly prolific writer. One time he talked about how he manages to be so productive, and he mentioned that he once did 100 consecutive days of content creation. Combined with his years of writing experience, he can now quickly turn the information he absorbs into writing every day, maintaining a high-output state. This idea stuck with me, and that night, on a bit of an impulse, I decided to give it a try myself.

The “power of 100” is real — once you go through it, you truly experience all the ups and downs. I think it’s worth doing at least once. It’s like a burst of impulsive passion or impulse spending — only through time and real experience can you grasp the real sweetness and bitterness of it.

Although I’ve always believed that frontend or client-side work is more visible — easier to show results — while backend work (especially in the early stages) often looks like simple CRUD operations until it reaches a certain scale, I’ve realized that doing frontend or client development is actually incredibly demanding and often underappreciated.
If you really want to pursue a perfect experience and polish the presentation, it requires a massive amount of time and energy.
From my past experience, frontend and client-side work usually consumes a disproportionate amount of effort — maybe because I’m not a seasoned frontend or mobile engineer.

Now, with tools like Cursor + ChatGPT, many things are easier to cover, but the real challenge lies in continuous tuning and testing. Many times, you think you’ve communicated your idea clearly, but the actual result can turn out quite different.

Today, I finished polishing some basic add/delete functionalities. Even for a seemingly simple page, the information density is very high, and what it requires is built up layer by layer.

Here’s a summary of my current progress:

1. Prototype Design & UI/UX Design: 33%
2. Backend Development (Go): 60%
3. Client-side Development (Flutter): 58%
4. Data: 14%

If you feel you fit the following, feel free to reach out:

1. Can stay consistent
2. Have dreams
3. Have passion and interest
