---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 20/100days"
date: 2025-03-08T23:59:59+08:00
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

Day2️⃣0️⃣

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-08-iter-x-20-100/DesignInIPhone1.2025-03-09_00-39-16.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-08-iter-x-20-100/DesignInIPhone2.2025-03-08_21-03-05.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    Preview design on mobile
</div>

Today, I discovered a useful design validation tip: open Figma or a screenshot on your phone and zoom in until it matches the size of a phone screen. This way, you can preview the design on your phone ahead of time. It gives a much more intuitive feel than viewing it on a computer. I went through all my pages this way today and found several design issues, especially with font weights, spacing, rectangle sizes, etc. I fixed all the problematic areas. On a large computer screen, everything looks fine because the high-fidelity images can be resized to any comfortable zoom level, but on the phone, it’s much more intuitive. You can immediately spot what doesn’t look right, and your instincts will tell you what needs fixing.

I also managed to write a few pages of a PowerPoint because tomorrow is my first meetup. I hope to connect with everyone and take the opportunity to review why I started working on this product, along with some related ideas and features. After the meetup, I’ll be able to share some of the PPT content.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-08-iter-x-20-100/TripDesign.2025-03-09_00-18-06.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-08-iter-x-20-100/TimeRangePickerDesign.2025-03-09_00-18-21.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    Trip Design
</div>

Yesterday, I scrapped the design of the main itinerary page that I worked on 10 days ago, and today, I scrapped the design I made yesterday. No issues with that! Today, I’ve started to unify the overall style and plan to gradually incorporate a theme color into each page. Without it, everything looks too plain in black and white. If I can integrate some blue into certain areas, it will bring life to the page while maintaining the overall tone.

Here’s the current progress:

1. Prototype design & UI/UX design: 22%
2. Backend (Go) development: 17%
3. Frontend (Flutter) development: 4%
4. Data: 5%

If you think you fit the following criteria, feel free to reach out:

1. Persistence
2. Ambition
3. Interest
