---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 45/100days"
date: 2025-04-02T23:59:59+08:00
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

Day4️⃣5️⃣

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="row mt-3">
        <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-04-02-iter-x-45-100/MainTripPage.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
        <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-04-02-iter-x-45-100/MainTripPage2.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="row mt-3">
        <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-04-02-iter-x-45-100/MinePageSkeleton.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
        <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-04-02-iter-x-45-100/MinePage.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    Main Trip Page & Mine Page
</div>

Still working on the pages. I plan to integrate the itinerary this week and check if I’m going anywhere for the Qingming Festival. If not, I should be able to finish it. The progress has been good these past two days. I will reassess the overall progress next week. These tasks are being pushed forward based on my intuition, not following a strict timeline, which I think is one of the challenges in project management. If there was a clear roadmap and the requirements were well-defined, progress could be more predictable and manageable. Otherwise, it’s difficult to smoothly advance the project. Right now, we’re still in a chaotic state, and everything is growing wildly, which is a significant issue. However, we could consider introducing a simple visual dashboard to track our MVP progress. But because the collaboration is quite loose, it’s challenging to bring in project management tools commonly used in the industry. This is a bit of a paradox, and I’ll need to think about and learn more about it. The goal is not to add unnecessary complexity, but to make sure everyone on the team clearly understands the current project status—where the bottlenecks are, where they stand, and what others are working on. These insights would be meaningful.

Here’s the current summary:

1. Prototype & UI/UX design: 33%
2. Backend (Go) development: 34%
3. Frontend (Flutter) progress: 23%
4. Data: 10%

If you think you meet the following criteria, feel free to reach out (we need a UI designer 👾):

1. Persistent
2. Dreamer
3. Interested
