---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 28/100days"
date: 2025-03-16T23:59:59+08:00
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

Day2️⃣8️⃣

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-16-iter-x-28-100/TripPage.2025-03-16_23-45-09.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    Trip Page
</div>

This weekend, I’ve mainly been working on the design of the AI architecture. The PR is still in DRAFT status and isn’t fully completed yet; it’s expected to take another two days to finish. In the evenings, I managed to spare some time to refactor and optimize the main itinerary page. It’s still a half-finished project, but over the past month of practice, my understanding of prototype + UI design has improved. However, there’s still a long way to go in terms of aesthetics. I plan to take some time to further develop my taste and artistic sense. I actually get quite anxious when I see others’ designs not aligning with my vision. I think many people feel the same way—most will just say they don’t like something or that it’s not good enough, but they might struggle to pinpoint exactly what’s wrong. I’m really fond of the concept of being a polymath or a learned person, someone who has deep knowledge in a few areas. For an independent creator, it feels like knowing just one thing isn’t enough. You need to have unique insights in several areas to see clearly on the big picture and understand the details as well.

Cursor, Windsurf, Claude Code, MCP—if you haven’t been paying attention to these keywords lately, you might want to take note. These are currently trending in the frontier fields, and I’ve been experimenting with applying them in real projects and engineering. There are a lot of thoughts and feelings around this. AI replacing most jobs is definitely not just hype. If you try it seriously, you’ll be disheartened to realize how fragile many professions are under the relentless forward momentum of AI. Based on this, you have to stay on track and not get left behind. Don’t be fooled by the overwhelming Demo-style marketing online. Many exaggerated self-media channels can gradually lull you into complacency. The consequence is that you’ll miss out on new trends simply because you weren’t aware. If you want to exchange ideas or learn about the latest trends in AI, feel free to reach out to me. It’s completely free. I hope to create a small group where we can exchange cutting-edge information, follow relevant papers, news, and startup updates. If you’re interested, feel free to follow me and DM me.

Summary of current progress:
1. Prototype Design & UI/UX: 26%
2. Backend (Go) Development: 24%
3. Client-side (Flutter) Progress: 6%
4. Data: 6%

If you meet the following criteria, feel free to reach out (or you can first check out Day 6’s content):
1. Can persist
2. Has dreams
3. Has interest
