---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 11/100days"
date: 2025-02-27T23:59:59+08:00
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

Day1️⃣1️⃣

Today, I had a great conversation with a fellow who loves independent travel and is working on a product. It broadened my perspective. I’ve been overlooking the frequent traveler group, or rather, for some interesting, deep, and unique cities, certain experiences are not just about visiting popular spots or fulfilling conventional travel needs. Over the next couple of days, I’ll re-organize my thoughts and think about the long-term development and direction of this product. Grateful for the encounter, the insights, and the exchange of ideas 😊

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-02-27-iter-x-11-100/Buffet24ar.2025-02-27_17-43-35.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    Screenshot of Berkshire Hathaway's 2024 Annual Report
</div>

I read a few pages of Berkshire Hathaway’s 2024 annual report today and marked a couple of quotes from Buffett. One of them was:

“One further point in our CEO selections: I never look at where a candidate has gone to school. Never!”

In essence, he does not consider a candidate’s school background when choosing a CEO. Despite having studied at three prestigious schools himself, he firmly believes in lifelong learning. Many business geniuses don’t need academic credentials to prove themselves. The business world naturally fosters talented people through experience.

I’m also a strong advocate for lifelong learning. I always believe that broad learning can unlock infinite potential. Modern society has categorized various disciplines, transforming people into specialists, which makes sense for maximizing social efficiency as complexity increases. (However, the social optimum doesn’t always equal the individual optimum.)

This easily traps most people into a preconceived notion, creating barriers that are so ingrained that we never question them. I remember Da Vinci as a polymath who excelled across several fields. I think in this AI-powered era, the potential to accumulate and learn information is far beyond what the internet era could offer. If you want to learn, you can access nearly all of humanity’s knowledge— the only barrier to learning is within yourself. The obsession with degrees is merely a way for employers to reduce hiring costs in the job market. It’s not the only standard and certainly not an objective one. Don’t let degrees or academic fields blind you— your boundaries may go far beyond that.

Recently, several people have asked if they can join, and as I mentioned in my previous co-creation initiative, it’s not about whether you can join. If you’re willing to try, you’re welcome. We maintain an open mindset to welcome everyone and also respect those who choose to leave silently.

A new member who can draw has joined today and will help with some of the design tasks 🎉

Today, I further refined the details of the daily itinerary page and began adding the location pages. Traditional search features are included, and the voice integration will follow soon.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-02-27-iter-x-11-100/Design1.2025-02-28_00-00-30.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        <div class="row mt-3">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-02-27-iter-x-11-100/Design2.2025-02-28_00-00-53.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
        <div class="row mt-3">
            {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-02-27-iter-x-11-100/Design3.2025-02-28_00-01-25.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    Daily itinerary page design
</div>

Summary of the current status:

1. Prototype & UI/UX design: 10%
2. Backend (Go) development: 11%
3. Client-side (Flutter) progress: 3%

If you think you fit the following criteria, feel free to reach out:

1. Can stick with it
2. Have big dreams
3. Are interested
