---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 7/100days"
date: 2025-02-23T23:18:00+08:00
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

Day7️⃣

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-02-23-iter-x-7-100/LoginRelatedPageDesign.2025-02-23_23-01-30.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    Login-Related Page Design
</div>

Today, I finished the design of the login-related pages and also made some adjustments to the fonts. I’m currently using the Alibaba PuHui font, which feels a bit more formal and neat. The previous cool “Xiao Wei” font was also quite good, with a bit of a non-conventional feel, similar to the theme. Later, I might consider allowing a switch between them.

Today, I pulled the MVP project and broke down a few tasks that are relatively clear and can be pushed forward. For now, I won’t assign tasks to specific people. Instead, I’ll let everyone freely pick the tasks they want to work on. Later, I’ll observe each person’s strengths and then coordinate tasks and personnel. The client-side team also did a great job setting up the framework, so we can start integrating with it gradually. I focused on the login-related tasks today to allow the client-side team to start integrating in phases.

Here’s a summary of the current situation:

1. Prototype & UI/UX Design: 7%
2. Backend (Go) Development: 10%
3. Client-side (Flutter) Progress: 2%

If you think you meet the following criteria, feel free to reach out:

1. Can persevere
2. Have dreams
3. Are interested
