---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 18/100days"
date: 2025-03-06T23:59:59+08:00
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

Day1️⃣8️⃣

I’m really frustrated with WeChat. I applied for access to their open platform, and they rejected me 5 or 6 times. It’s so ridiculous. We’re still in the design and development stage, without any trademarks or software copyrights, and they just won’t approve it. It’s infuriating. Their response was something like, “It might involve using others’ app flow diagrams for submission.” So how should I prove that this is something we’ve designed ourselves? It’s really irritating.

The past couple of days, I’ve been talking more with team members about the product and preparing for the meetup. Today, I was thinking about the product:

1. What I want
2. What we want
3. What the market wants
4. What investors want
5. What people want

I tried to think through these open questions and whether I have any answers in mind.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-0 mb-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="/assets/img/2025-03-06-iter-x-18-100/CreateTrip.2025-03-06_23-40-18.png" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption mt-0">
    创建行程页面选择出行时间设计
</div>

It’s rare for me to find some time to continue drawing design mockups. Soon, I’ll be able to connect the entire flow together. Once the flow is fully functional, I can focus on finalizing the UI and the preliminary UX design, and then the development will continue.

Current progress summary:

1. Prototype & UI/UX Design: 17%
2. Backend (Go) Development: 15%
3. Client (Flutter) Progress: 3%
4. Data: 5%

If you think you meet the following criteria, feel free to reach out:

1. Persistence
2. Dream-driven
3. Interest in the project
