---
layout: post
title: "[Iter-X] 68/100days"
date: 2025-04-25T23:59:59+08:00
tags: products
categories: products
giscus_comments: true
tabs: true
pretty_table: true
---

Day6️⃣8️⃣

As expected, having influential people with strong traffic help promote the project had a great impact, leading to a rapid boost. However, the key lies in choosing the right direction and track — only then can others immediately recognize the quality of your project. Choosing the right track and then working hard is crucial.

Speaking of which, Iter-X’s problem lies in its business model. Actually, I kind of want to ask Junyu Wang what he thinks about this [DOGE]. His project, “Reading Room,” shows a similar shadow to what I’m experiencing. I don’t know how he thought through his product; I’ve only seen glimpses of his journey through his articles. Somehow, I feel a one-sided resonance with him — seeing a bit of myself in his experiences. Of course, it’s just a thought; I don’t really have a way to reach out to him.

I feel that from these couple of days until after May 1st, my project progress might slow down significantly. In a way, the next month looks pretty unpredictable. I’ve been considering whether I should shift to building a long-term cycle product. After nearly 100 days of high-intensity push — almost a 007 (work-life blend) commitment to this side project — I’m thinking about finding a better balance, especially since I’m not “all-in” on a single project.

Recently, I’ve also had some new ideas about the product positioning. Perhaps this project can evolve toward the form of products like Devin or Manus, but with a strong focus on the travel field. It would allow for a gradual, progressive functional layering. Though this idea is not fully matured yet.

I’ll keep absorbing a large amount of information, working on entropy reduction, and see what might eventually come out of it. 🙂

⸻

Current Progress Summary:

1. Prototype & UI/UX Design: 33%
2. Backend Development (Go): 60%
3. Client Development (Flutter): 57%
4. Data Preparation: 14%

⸻

If you think you fit the following profile, feel free to reach out:

1. Able to stay persistent
2. Dream-driven
3. Genuinely interested
